Let me walk through the exercise itself.
So there's an unordered list here on this
exercise debugging called ul ID catfacts.
So if we inspect the DOM and
we go to elements and
we go inside the article inside div.
We can see here this
ul of ID of catfacts.
And what's supposed to be happening,
we have this file public
exercises debugging.js in our
repo exercises debugging.
So here it is.
So what's supposed to be happening is
it's fetching this API of catfacts.
It's calling to JSON on,
then it's taking the results.
It's going through each of them.
And it's making a new list item and
appending it, but something's wrong.
So what we're supposed to be seeing here
under here is a list of facts about cats
is a list of facts about cats.
But something's going wrong with it.
And so the idea is to start with
the console, see if there's any errors and
then from there,
put a step through debugger and
and figure out what's going wrong and
and how to fix it.
And so that's the exercise.
Before we get started do we
have any other questions on it?
And again, we'll meet back afterwards and
we'll go through the whole thing together.
So the question is, you use the debugger
and you end up with a lot of breakpoints,
how can you get rid of a bunch of them,
I don't know off the top of my head.
So let me let me get in this console
log here and see if I can find it.
So let us see we have a bunch of them.
So it is so you have them all in
multiple files, everything like that.
So you can't do it from here.
You can come over to the sidebar
with the break points over here.
Then you can right click on one and remove
all breakpoints, and that'll get rid of
all of them from all the files and
then you just hit play one more time and
it'll play through with
no more breakpoints.